Make url as feature and bump version (#419)
snapview/tungstenite-rs: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.22.0

> - Make `url::Url` as feature
> - Add Header and subprotocol support at creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make `url` optional.
- Add a builder for convenient headers and subprotocols construction.
```
